Update spec.md to clarify v1.Container fields (#3411)
knative/serving: docs/spec/spec.md

## Container

This is a
[core.v1.Container](https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/generated/kubernetes-api/v1.11/#container-v1-core).
Fields not specified in the container object below are disallowed. Examples of

> disallowed fields include name and lifecycle.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
disallowed fields include `name` and `lifecycle`.
```

This type is not used on its own but is found composed inside
[Service](#service), [Configuration](#configuration), and [Revision](#revision).

Items with `...` behave as specified in the Kubernetes API documentation unless
otherwise noted.

```yaml
container: # v1.Container
  args: [...] # Optional
  command: [...] # Optional
  env: ... # Optional
  envFrom: ... # Optional

>   # image either provided as pre-built container, or built by Knative Serving from

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  # image is either provided as pre-built container, or built by Knative Serving from
```

>   # source. When built by Knative, set to the same as build template, e.g.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  # source. When built by Knative, this should match what the Build is directed to produce, e.g.
```

  # build.template.arguments[_IMAGE], as the "promise" of a future build.
  # If buildRef is provided, it is expected that this image will be
  # present when the referenced build is complete.
  image: gcr.io/... # Required

>   imagePullPolicy: ... # Optional

Reviewer 2: We should comment on our different semantics, which make this effectively irrelevant.

>   # HTTPGetAction and TCPSocketAction are the supported probe options.

Reviewer 2: 🤔 We support exec as well, which is needed for GRPC probing: https://kubernetes.io/blog/2018/10/01/health-checking-grpc-servers-on-kubernetes/

Pretty sure we do, since I'm using it in korpc for the above.

Author: We shouldn't be supporting exec according to our runtime contract ( https://github.com/knative/serving/blob/master/docs/runtime-contract.md#meta-requests ).

We will need to reconcile this.

  livenessProbe: # Optional
    failureThreshold: ...
    httpGet: ...
    initialDelaySeconds: ...
    periodSeconds: ...
    successThreshold: ...
    tcpSocket: ...

>     timeoutSeconds: ...

Reviewer 2: I believe the runtime contract has opinions on if/which of these should be specified/omitted.  We should considered inlining some of that sentiment in comments here?

  # Only a single containerPort may be specified.
  # This can be specified to select a specific port for incoming traffic.
  # This is useful if your application cannot discover the port to listen
  # on through the $PORT environment variable that is always set within the container.
  # Some fields are not allowed, such as hostIP and hostPort.
  ports: # Optional
    # Valid range is [1-65535], except 8012 (RequestQueuePort)
    # and 8022 (RequestQueueAdminPort).
    - containerPort: ...
      name: ... # Optional, one of "http1", "h2c"
      protocol: ... # Optional, one of "", "tcp"

  # HTTPGetAction and TCPSocketAction are the supported probe options.

>   readinessProbe: ... # Optional

Reviewer 2: Suffice it to say that this is the same as livenessProbe?

Author: Yes, but I am okay with the verbosity in this instance.

    failureThreshold: ...
    httpGet: ...
    initialDelaySeconds: ...
    periodSeconds: ...
    successThreshold: ...
    tcpSocket: ...
    timeoutSeconds: ...

  resources: ... # Optional

>   securityContext: ... # Optional

Reviewer 2: You inline / describe the rest, but not these, why not?

Author: I only inline things that have changed behavior from the Kubernetes default behavior. I tried to highlight that in the sentence before this, but I guess it did not come across completely.

  terminationMessagePath: ... # Optional
  terminationMessagePolicy: ... # Optional

  # This specifies where the volumes present in the RevisionSpec will be mounted into
  # the container.  Each of the volumes in the RevisionSpec must be mounted here
  # or it is an error.
  volumeMounts: # Optional
    - name: ... # This must match a name from Volumes
      mountPath: ... # Where to mount the named Volume.

>       readOnly: ... # Must be True, will default to True, so it may be omitted.

Reviewer 2: Is the intent for this to be exhaustive?

Author: Yes.
